README.md, before:

# Portfolio
Portfolio for Sherri Winslow, Full-Stack Web Developer
## Description
Site includes a photo and information about Sherri Winslow, Full-Stack Web Developer and provides examples of her work for your review. This site will open in the browser and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS.  The site is optimized to meet accessibility standards.  Links, in the Header/Navigation Bar will take you to the various sections on the page, including About Me, Portfolio, and Contact Sections.  A Resume link is provided and connects to a .pdf file of Sherri Winslow's Resume.  The Portfolio includes the name of the project, primary methods, and a clickable image that will take you to the published site, or a coming soon page (for future projects or projects under development).  The Contact Me section provides links to various contact methods, including email, LinkedIn, and others.  

## Badges
N/A

## Visuals
 ![image](./assets/images/portfolio-screenshot.png) 

## Installation
Code was created with Visual Studio Code and HomeBrew.

## Usage
Portfolio and Educational purposes.

## Support
Contact:  Sherri Winslow
Email:  swinslowcoding@gmail.com

## Roadmap
Single release for Portfolio and Educational purposes.

## Contributing
Although, contributions are not allowed, at this time.  You may send any feedback on the code to swinslowcoding@gmail.com

## Authors and Acknowledgments
Author: Sherri Winslow.
Acknowledgements:  I would like to express my appreciation to my Tutor - Sandra Smith; Instructor - Dan Seskey; and TAs - Matt Torcellini, Symone Varnado, Nathan Sartain, and Jaime Montero who have been instrumental in keeping me on track and supporting me, while providing a quality education through UConn.

## License
For Educational purposes and Portfolio use.

Commit message:

README Updated description, built, website url, installation/deployment.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
Portfolio for Sherri Winslow, Full-Stack Web Developer
## Description
Site includes a photo and information about Sherri Winslow, Full-Stack Web Developer and provides examples of her work for your review. This site will open in the browser and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS.  The site is optimized to meet accessibility standards and responsive design.  Links, in the Header/Navigation Bar will take you to the various sections on the page, including About Me, Portfolio, and Contact Sections.  A Resume link is provided and connects to a .pdf file of Sherri Winslow's Resume.  The Portfolio includes the name of the project, primary methods, and a clickable image that will take you to the published site, or a coming soon page (for future projects or projects under development).  The Contact Me section provides links to various contact methods, including email, LinkedIn, and others.  

## Built With
* HTML
* CSS

## Website
https://sherriw.github.io/Portfolio/
## Visuals
 ![image](./assets/images/portfolio-screenshot.png) 

## Installation
Code was created with Visual Studio Code and HomeBrew. Git was used for Development and deployment through GitHub/GitHub Pages.

## Usage
Portfolio and Educational purposes.

## Support
Contact:  Sherri Winslow
Email:  swinslowcoding@gmail.com

## Roadmap
Single release for Portfolio and Educational purposes.

## Contributing
Although, contributions are not allowed, at this time.  You may send any feedback on the code to swinslowcoding@gmail.com

## Authors and Acknowledgments
Author: Sherri Winslow.
Acknowledgements:  I would like to express my appreciation to my Tutor - Sandra Smith; Instructor - Dan Seskey; and TAs - Matt Torcellini, Symone Varnado, Nathan Sartain, and Jaime Montero who have been instrumental in keeping me on track and supporting me, while providing a quality education through UConn.

## License
For Educational purposes and Portfolio use.
